README.md, before:

AWS Resource Scanner
====================
A project to query AWS resource in use within one AWS account

Look up available regions within your account, get brief information about AWS resources in use within that region, and create a list.

## Services currently available for inquiry
- APIGateway
- CloudFront (Distribution) / Global
- Cognito (UserPool)
- EBS (Volume)
- EC2 (Instance)
- ECR (Regository)
- ECS (Cluster, Service)
- EFS (FileSystem)
- Elasticache (ReplicationGroup, Cluster)
- Elastic Beanstalk (Application, Environment)
- ELB (LoadBalance)
- ELB (LoadBalance)
- Lambda (Function)
- QLDB (Ledger)
- RDS (DBInstance)
- Route53 (Hosted Zone) / Global
- S3 (Bucket) / Global
- SES (Identity)
- SNS (Topic)
- SQS (Queue)

## Development scheduled
Scan and represent data for various resources such as Internat and NAT Gateway, Endpoint for vpc configuration.

be going to implement a search for other resources you need.

## How to use?
### 0. Prior requirements
"Go" is basically used, so "Go" must be installed in advance. [Installation Golang](https://go.dev/doc/install)

also, need an AWS IAM role arn with a "ReadOnlyAccess" policy for resource scanning.
### 1. Build
```
go build -o ./bin/<excutable_file>
```
### 2. Output
```
./bin/<excutable_file> <RoleArnForScan>
```

Commit message:

2022.08.24. - AWS Lambda 핸들러로 사용되도록 패키지 구조 변경 - AWS Configuration을 수행하는 부분을 새로운 패키지(aws)로 분리 - 결과 파일이 AWS S3에 저장되도록 수정

README.md, after:

AWS Resource Scanner
====================
A project to query AWS resource in use within one AWS account

Look up available regions within your account, get brief information about AWS resources in use within that region, and create a list.

The project is used as an AWS Lambda handler and can be deployed automatically by changing the function name within the "deploy.sh" file.

## Services currently available for inquiry
- APIGateway
- CloudFront (Distribution) / Global
- Cognito (UserPool)
- EBS (Volume)
- EC2 (Instance)
- ECR (Regository)
- ECS (Cluster, Service)
- EFS (FileSystem)
- Elasticache (ReplicationGroup, Cluster)
- Elastic Beanstalk (Application, Environment)
- ELB (LoadBalance)
- ELB (LoadBalance)
- Lambda (Function)
- QLDB (Ledger)
- RDS (DBInstance)
- Route53 (Hosted Zone) / Global
- S3 (Bucket) / Global
- SES (Identity)
- SNS (Topic)
- SQS (Queue)

## Development scheduled
Scan and represent data for various resources such as Internat and NAT Gateway, Endpoint for vpc configuration.

be going to implement a search for other resources you need.

## How to use?
### 0. Prior requirements
"Go" is basically used, so "Go" must be installed in advance. [Installation Golang](https://go.dev/doc/install)

also, need an AWS IAM role arn with a "ReadOnlyAccess" policy for resource scanning.
### 1. Build
Build can be performed using "build.sh" file within the project.

### 2. Deploy
Build can be performed using "deploy.sh" file within the project.
